README.md, before:

# BMEN_415_Final_Project
Welcome to our Repository! The models have been divided into Classification, Regression and Image Classification. Please note, the results of each model have been saved into the files. 

However, some of the models will currently not run properly due to incorrect file paths to the datasets. This is because our models were uploaded and not chagned from Google Collabratory. To fix this simply adjust the file path of the imported datasets. 

For any questions or concerns feel free to reach out to Jonathan via [email](mailto:jonathan.chong@ucalgary.ca).

## Classification Dataset
The dataset was was retrieved from the UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository. This dataset consists Women in maternal care with features which are responsible and serve as significant risk factors for maternal mortality. Click [here](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Maternal+Health+Risk+Data+Set) for more details.

## Regression Dataset
The dataset was was retrieved FreeSurfer. This dataset consists volumentric features coressponding to MRI scans.

Commit message:

Added Image Classification dataset details

README.md, after:

# BMEN_415_Final_Project
Welcome to our Repository! The models have been divided into Classification, Regression and Image Classification. Please note, the results of each model have been saved into the files. 

However, some of the models will currently not run properly due to incorrect file paths to the datasets. This is because our models were uploaded and not chagned from Google Collabratory. To fix this simply adjust the file path of the imported datasets. 

For any questions or concerns feel free to reach out to Jonathan via [email](mailto:jonathan.chong@ucalgary.ca).

## Classification Dataset
The dataset was was retrieved from the UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository. This dataset consists Women in maternal care with features which are responsible and serve as significant risk factors for maternal mortality. 

Click [here](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Maternal+Health+Risk+Data+Set) for more details.

## Regression Dataset
The dataset was was retrieved FreeSurfer. This dataset consists volumentric features coressponding to MRI scans.

## Image Classification Dataset
The dataset is not present in the repository, rather it uses DeepLakes API to extract the dataset. It consists of 5216 chest x-rays of children ages 1 to 5. Each Image contains a label: "Normal", "Bacterial", or "Viral". 

Click [here](https://datasets.activeloop.ai/docs/ml/datasets/chest-x-ray-image-dataset/) for more details.
